Hello everyone today at the request of
antonella following me from germany
with its splendid blue villa
I propose the soft macaroons are
very simple sweets from
make sugar-based almonds
usually for the preparation of desserts
based on almond paste is recommended
rest of the pasta after made the
sweet for a whole night and me
so I did
however being very curious in the kitchen I have
wanted to try to cook even after
an hour of rest and then I'll show you
the result
let's see below
ingredients that will run down to
achieve them
I took
ser why I will go in the meantime to whisk the
almonds and almonds must be
peeled and better go to use the
almonds rather than the flour of
almonds because we ca n't know if it is
pure I put the almonds inside the
mixer I'm going to put sugar
granulated
after that I go to blend or chop
for a minute a minute and a half now
I'll show you the net result
almonds with minced sugar in a
container
here I show you the consistency
even if there is some piece
slightly bigger, okay anyway
now I put the aromas I'm going to put the
rome of bitter almond roma di
vanilla and an album and I'm going to mix
all vague to mix until the
compound will not be involved
here is that the mixture is compacted
vague to admit icing sugar on
worktop and roll it over
going just to compress it with the
hands now I can make the
macaroons I'm going to get some little ones
I go to pieces of dough
crush this way because if you do them
I'm going to roll up then they fall apart
the vat goes to crush so to give way
to amaretto to compact well then
I can go and roll it up and pass
in icing sugar
to give you an indication of the size
I'm going to weigh the amaretto
here is more or less 15 to 17 grams
each one proceeds and the realization
of macaroons until everything is finished
I finished all the dough
the macaroons with the qualities I have given you
I have come 20 or arranged
spaced out on a baking sheet
covered with parchment paper and go to them
crush lightly by exercising
just a slight pressure
now they will have to rest
rest because the almond paste will
it will have to dry before cooking
otherwise to put them in the oven now
there is the risk that they do not keep the
shape so we leave them to dry a
room temperature in the air for one
night
I made him rest all night
Amaretti biscuits
here you see how beautiful they are
hard beautiful compact dry
now I can go to bake
finally at 160 degrees for 10 12 minutes
in short it depends that a little from the oven in
static oven you go to extract it
when they begin to brown slightly
at the base and this is the result of the
macaroons that I let stand for
a whole night
I'll show you how I'm underneath
network
please don't take them off the le
he used to sing kiln if you didn't
cool yourself completely and since I am
very curious in the kitchen
now I'm going to bake some macaroons
I'll get ready on the spot
rest only an hour on the dripping pan
from the bottom before going to bake
always at 160 degrees for 12 minutes
let's see how the result will be now vi
I make a comparison between the two husbands
those who have rested for one
whole night and those who have
rested for only an hour
look at the result those who have
rested only an hour are softer
they are more inflated, they are more crunchy
while others who have rested for
a whole night is a lot more
compacts drier if I have to tell you a
my personal opinion I prefer to
long the macaroons those who have less
rest compared to the others
and those who are ready with macaroons
or cooked after a night of rest e
those that are baked after baking
rest as I have already told you
I prefer those cooked to rest
because they are softer more
softer crunchy even though they tend to
don't keep the shape very much but I do it
I prefer to keep them in a box
magical for cookies and also for different ones
days I send a big hug a big kiss
great to antonella who asked me
the recipe for his wonderful baby
blue a big kiss to all and to
next recipe hello